Add translation contracts (#1923)
sonata-project/SonataMediaBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 3.x
=======================

### Deprecations

> - `Symfony\Component\Translation\TranslatorInterface` is deprecated in favor of `Symfony\Contracts\Translation\TranslatorInterface`

Reviewer: A good upgrade message should contain the reference where passing this class is deprecated.

UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 3.x
=======================

### Deprecations

> `Symfony\Component\Translation\TranslatorInterface` is deprecated in favor of `Symfony\Contracts\Translation\TranslatorInterface`. You MUST replace all references to them in your code and inject correct object into:

Reviewer: The class `Symfony\Component\Translation\TranslatorInterface` is deprecated since symfony/translation 4.2, but what we are deprecating here are the usages for this class, not the class itself:
```suggestion
Usages of `Symfony\Component\Translation\TranslatorInterface` are deprecated in favor of `Symfony\Contracts\Translation\TranslatorInterface`. You MUST replace all references to them in your code and inject correct object into:
```
